so here are some specific examples of
what
today and part of speech tagging is
there not easy to do one percent
correctly so in the example he turned
off the highway versus he turned off the
fan and the two off so I could have some
other differences in acting categories
and also it's very difficult to get the
complete opposing correct again the
example a man saw a boy with the
telescope can actually be very
difficulty to pause depending on the
context precisely deeper semantic
analysis is also very hard for example
to define the meaning of own precisely
is very difficult in a sentence like
John owns a restaurant so the state of
the art can be summarized as follows
robust and general NLP tends to be
shallow while a deep understanding does
not scale up for this reason in this
course the techniques that we cover are
in general Sheryl techniques for
analyzing texts later on to mine text
data and they are generally based on
statistical analysis so they are robust
and general and and they are in the
category of shallow analysis so such
techniques have the advantage of being
able to be applied to any text there are
in any natural and yet about any topic
but the downside is that they don't give
us a deeper understanding of text for
that we have to rely on deeper natural
and analysis techniques that typically
would require a human effort to notate a
lot of examples of analysis that would
like to do and then computers can use
machine learning techniques to learn
from these training examples to do the
task so in practical applications we
generally combine the two kinds of
techniques with the general statistical
methods as a backbone as the basis since
it can be applied to any text data and
on top of that we're going to use humans
to annotate more data and to use
supervised machine learning to do some
tasks as well as we can especially for
those important tasks so to bring humans
in the into the loop to analyze fixed
and to analyze text data more precisely
but this course will cover the general
statistical approaches that generally
don't require much human effort so they
are practically more useful than some of
the deeper analysis techniques that
require a lot of fun I afford to
annotate the text later
so to summarize the structure the main
points will take away our first and now
is the foundation for text mining so
obviously the better we can understand
the text data the better we can to text
my computers today are far from being
able to understand the natural energy
deep NLP requires common-sense knowledge
and inferences that's only working for
very limited domains not fit for for
large-scale
tests mind sharing RP based on
statistical methods can be done in large
scale and is the main topic of this
course and they are generally applicable
to a lot of applications they are in
some sense also more useful techniques
in practice we use statistical NLP as
the basis and will have humans to help
as needed in various ways
you